The areas of application for Acoris are production/construction companies, business centers, accommodation establishments, catering establishments, spas, amusement parks, and educational establishments. For production/construction companies, digital technologies increase the efficiency of operational processes and increase the company's competitiveness. Automation of business processes minimizes manual work, increases management flexibility and reduces the influence of the human factor. For manufacturing companies, we implement operational process management systems that combine control and accounting of material (inventory, tools and mechanisms, etc.) and human resources, as well as analysis of the efficiency of use. Another group of implemented systems is control and accounting systems for production or operational processes. The implemented systems save resources and time, help to effectively manage and plan processes, and analyze the performed actions. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. The program can either be integrated with the used accounting program or other business management systems. Also, the installed systems allow monitoring process parameters in real time, correcting them, optimizing the processes themselves, thereby increasing operational efficiency and increasing competitiveness. Additionally, we can implement a tender and project management system, CRM. For business centers and other service companies, we implement modern digital systems for service advertising, advance reservation and payment, service provision control and accounting. These systems make your business processes more efficient: they ensure control over the provision of services and billing for them, save the institution's resources and time, and increase customer satisfaction with services. At the same time, modern solutions improve the company's image and increase business competitiveness. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. The program can be integrated with the used accounting program or other business management systems. The program can combine parking, automatic access control based on purchased services, electric car charging, used inventory accounting, catering payments, other services and goods into a unified system. A unified system ensures effective management of operational processes, reduces costs, and optimizes available resources. Such systems create value for managers and employees, customers and pay off quickly. Systems for each business center or building can be installed as needed: a complete system package or a specific system that meets the needs. Systems are guaranteed, we provide training, support and service. Acoris consults and prepares documents for obtaining project financing. EU support is available for these activities. We consult and prepare documents for receiving project financing according to relevant calls. For hotels and other accommodation establishments, we implement modern digital systems for service advertising, advance reservation and payment, service provision control and accounting. These systems make your business processes more efficient: they ensure control over the provision of services and billing for them, save the institution's resources and time, and increase customer satisfaction with services. At the same time, modern solutions improve the company's image and increase business competitiveness. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. The program can combine parking, automatic access control based on purchased services, electric car charging, used inventory accounting, catering payments, other services and goods into a unified system. A unified system ensures effective management of operational processes, reduces costs, and optimizes available resources. Such systems create value for managers and employees, customers and pay off quickly. For hotels and other accommodation establishments, we implement modern digital systems for service advertising, advance reservation and payment, service provision control and accounting. These systems make your business processes more efficient: they ensure control over the provision of services and billing for them, save the institution's resources and time, and increase customer satisfaction with services. At the same time, modern solutions improve the company's image and increase business competitiveness. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. The program can combine parking, automatic access control based on purchased services, electric car charging, used inventory accounting, catering payments, other services and goods into a unified system. A unified system ensures effective management of operational processes, reduces costs, and optimizes available resources. Such systems create value for managers and employees, customers and pay off quickly. For spas, amusement parks and other service companies, we implement modern digital systems for service advertising, advance reservation and payment, service provision control and accounting. This system makes operational processes more efficient: it ensures control over the provision of services and billing for them, saves the institution's resources and time, and increases customer satisfaction with services. At the same time, modern solutions improve the company's image and increase business competitiveness. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. The program can be integrated with the used accounting program or other business management systems. The program can combine parking, automatic access control based on purchased services, electric car charging, used inventory accounting, catering payments, other services and goods into a unified system. A unified system ensures effective management of operational processes, reduces costs, and optimizes available resources. For universities, colleges, schools, kindergartens and other educational institutions, we implement modern digital systems for the control and registration of access to the territory and activities, accounting and payment of meals, accounting of used inventory and room keys, parking control, events and dormitory administration. All installed systems are combined into one application, where you can see detailed usage reports. Likewise, every employee, pupil, student, or student's parent can see a detailed report on their own or their child's arrival/departure time, attendance, purchases, used inventory, and top up the account after logging in to their account. Systems can be implemented for each institution as needed. Installed systems include access control systems, inventory accounting systems, parking and traffic control systems, payment for meals, and automatic working time control systems. The benefits for institutions are more security, efficieny, and convenience. Only authorized persons can enter specific premises at specific times, employee timekeeping is optimized and automated, the accounting of inventory such as keys or books are optimized, clients receive a detailed analysis of inventory usage, and various documents like the student ticket, student card, reader ticket, access card, transport ticket, discount cards, event tickets, and more are all in one place. The access control system ensures that only authorized people with permits can enter certain areas and premises at the specified time. This ensures safety and control of employees' time spent at the workplace. The latter function can be integrated with timekeeping. The system can be designed to control the time of customers using the services and the corresponding charging. The following are advantages of the access control system: Physical and software from one source and throughout Lithuania. Continuous access control maintenance and support. Specialized solutions according to each customer, even the most complex needs. Versatility a wide range of access control devices and scanners. Simple and easy system management, all changes are made by pressing one button. Ability to integrate software with other business management systems or CRM using API. Individual additional programming. All access control accounting on a smartphone through the application. Monitoring of objects. In the event of a failure (power failure or internet failure), the program automatically sends messages to the responsible persons. After installing the system, we train you how to fully use it. The working time control system implemented by us helps company employees to maintain discipline, record working hours, and also ensures that outsiders do not enter the facility, and administration work time is saved due to automation. The functions of the automatic working time control system are: Control the time of access of employees to the facility. Record the times of their presence and departure from the facility. The system ensures accounting of scheduled working time, overtime, delays, absences and presence in a specific part of the facility. Automatic recording of delays and premature exit from the facility. Automatic notifications to managers about deviations from the planned order. Automatic filling of tables. (there is a video). Automatic accounting of working time and salary. Recording and control of the working time of subcontractors. Easy data export to other labor accounting, personnel management, accounting systems. Ensuring security (strangers, unauthorized persons do not enter). The advantages of the automatic working time control system are: All employee registration, time and access control accounting on a smartphone via the application. Physical and software from one source and throughout Lithuania. Continuous supervision and support of employee registration and timekeeping and access control. Specialized solutions according to the complex needs of each client. Universality a wide range of modern access control devices and scanners; Ability to integrate software with other business management systems or CRM using API. Individual additional programming. The parking and traffic control system is designed to automatically control who can pass, where and when. The system automatically controls the entry of vehicles into a specific area, carries out their registration, recording the time of arrival, parking and departure. The parking and traffic control system functions are: Control of entry of vehicles into the territory; Registration of vehicles, when, which left or arrived; Identification and registration is carried out by remote cards or state number; Distribution and control of parking spaces by units. If necessary, parking may be charged. The system enables management of payment for parking. Ability to install and manage email car charging stations using parking access and charging payment (if applicable) management. The advantages are: Possibility to integrate the system with electric charging stations and receive additional income. The possibility of additional integration with the access control system and the use of several services with one identification device. Specialized solutions according to the complex needs of each client. Ability to integrate the software with accounting, business management or CRM systems using APIs. All access control accounting on the smartphone through the application. Ongoing maintenance and support. Physical and software from one source and throughout Lithuania. From the first call to installation and service. Effective management of parking spaces according to needs. Only authorized car managers/owners use the parking spaces. Informing customers about the availability and availability of the parking lot. VIP service for the most important business customers. Additional income for using the parking lot when parking spaces are available. Integrated payment system. The automatic parking system saves the company costs, the people supervising the parking are replaced by a more efficient automatic system with advanced functions. Restricting access based on different rights helps to manage work processes more easily: the human factor is eliminated (employee vacation, bulletin, delays, etc.) consistent monitoring of access history and reports allow you to optimize activities and take corrective actions. All modern and convenient ways to charge the client for services received (SMS; online; QR code, etc.) The service reservation, billing and management system is designed to automate the provision of paid services, giving customers the opportunity to purchase the desired service on the self-service e-site, pay for it and receive an automatic service reservation confirmation (ticket). Thanks to this ticket, a person has the opportunity to independently, without the help of a company employee, get to the place of service and use it during the entire reservation. The functions are: Enables customers to book accommodation services according to the desired date, including through third-party reservation systems (Booking.com, Airbnb.com, etc.); Makes it possible for customers to order entertainment according to the desired time (tennis, spa, bicycles, sports center); Controls the access of customers and/or employees to the premises, access at the scheduled time, thus ensuring a safe environment. Controls the arrival of employees, service personnel, working time control and accounting. Performs parking control, parking may be charged if necessary. Convenient payment for parking is integrated into the system. Ability to install and manage email car charging stations. Provides reports on access, parking control, service provision, inventory usage. Integrations with external systems (personnel management, accounting, etc.). Enables sales promotion and marketing actions: Gift cards, coupons; Subscription; Discounts and advertising campaigns. The system can include customer service CRM tools (automatic greetings to customers on birthdays, holidays, special offers, etc.), business analytics (effectiveness of marketing and sales actions, etc.) The advantages are: Convenient self-service for customers and service providers. Ability to transfer orders to accounting. Possible integration with other business management systems, e-mail websites or CRM. A convenient and modern reservation system can be integrated with the company's website. Universality a wide range of modern management and control devices. Service management and accounting on a computer, smartphone through the application. Customer segmentation, granting exclusive privileges to VIP customers, applying special offers to identified customer groups, etc. All modern and convenient ways to charge the customer: SMS, online, QR code and at the cash register. Consistent monitoring and reporting of service usage history allows for real-time corrections. Possibility to receive advance payment for hotel, rental premises and services. The reservation is made automatically after receiving the confirmation of the customer's payment. Complete autonomy and self-sufficiency, which does not require additional employee participation and ensures the consistent integrity of processes, eliminates the human factor, and the possibility of errors. You save costs, time, effectively use the existing workforce to perform those services for which it is impossible to apply automated systems. Simple and effective control of business processes. Additional income for the company: charging customers for additional time and use of services (e-car charging, parking, bicycle rental, sports fields, boat rental, etc.). Physical and software from one source and throughout Lithuania. You save money and time when ordering, implementing and customizing solutions. From the first call to installation and service. Continuous maintenance and support of the system. It is a system of accounting and control of tools, inventory, other means of work or service provision. It is designed to effectively control and manage work tools in production, construction organizations, inventory and other tools in service companies. The functions are: Convenient administration of all available tools and equipment. Assigning a tool, other work tool to an object. Assignment of inventory to the place of service provision. The system allows monitoring the locations of tools, inventory, and other tools in real time, thus controlling their use. Easy to install and easy to use app. Notifications are sent about work tools, tools, inventory maintenance information (insurance, technical service, renewal of certificates). The advantages are: Extremely easy and quick installation of the app. A convenient self-service system is created for employees and customers, allowing them to record the use of tools and equipment at a time convenient for them. Physical and software from one source and throughout Lithuania. Ongoing maintenance and support. Specialized solutions according to the complex needs of each client. Versatility a wide range of modern identifiers and scanners for inventory accounting. Ability to integrate the software with accounting, business management or CRM systems using APIs. A particularly wide spectrum of use: we apply it to construction industry companies, agricultural companies, service-providing businesses, educational institutions, etc. Downtime and theft of tools and other inventory are eliminated, service providers avoid conflict situations with customers. Quick inventory location. Consistent control and easy planning increase the efficiency of processes (saves employees' time, efficiently uses warehouse space, etc.). Responsibility for inventory use and storage is transferred to the employee or customer. Simple and easy to operate, all changes are made with the click of a button. Consistent monitoring of tools and inventory usage history and reports allow for optimization of operations and corrective actions. The clients of the service provider receive a self-service system, where they perform registration and reservation on their own more efficient use of employees' time. The products and services are automatic payment, tickets, coupons, e-wallet, cards and other human identifiers, item identifiers, readers, turnstiles, floodgates, and other access control devices, electric car charging stations, softwares, and consulting on project financing. The human identifiers are cards, key chains, watches, and mobile phones with an integrated NFC chip. These identifiers can be used in access control and accounting, transportation of students, key accounting, school cafeterias, copying printing and scanning documents, libraries, dormitory administration, washing machines, car parking, event management, and property accounting. Item identifiers include plastic disks that are 15-50mm in diameter and 2-5mm thick. They are resistant to moisture and can be used for high temperatures. They have an adhesive surface, can be fixed with screws, or sewn on. There are also email nails for wood identification with length 38 mm, thickness 6 mm. We have tags for animal identification, belts with e mark for cables and pipes, and small email marks that are 7-15mm. Our softwares include the access control management system designed to see and monitor employees' working time, access, configure, change. There is the timekeeping app designed to "sign off" with the help of a phone when you arrive and leave work. No more cards, no more monstrous scanners! App + NFC tag in the workplace. There is specialized software designed to process and manage processes. For instance: The location of a specific person or thing at the current moment is recorded and displayed (for example, citizen XY arrived at work, the key ring informs ("key from the meeting room"), automatic tabulation, etc.) Capturing and displaying the transfer of items to staff (e.g. Citizen XY took/returned the Bosch electric screwdriver, Teacher ZC took the key to the math room, etc.) Functionality is added to pay with e-wallet at self-service and other paid places of the organization (copy machines, coffee machines, washing machines, canteen, etc.)